#7816 Updates involving FIPS 140-3 (#7835)
OpenLiberty/docs: modules/reference/pages/command/securityUtility-encode.adoc

For more information about limits to password encryption, see xref:ROOT:password-encryption.adoc[Password encryption limitations].

> To enable the `securityUtility` tool to create LTPA keys with the `createLTPAKeys` command on FIPS 140-3 enabled servers, export the following environment variable before you run the tool:

Reviewer: should this be 

To enable the `securityUtility` tool to encode passwords with the `encode` command...

{empty} +
You can use the `hash` encoding type to encode passwords for a xref:ROOT:user-registries-application-security.adoc[basic user registry] or passwords for the xref:config/quickStartSecurity.adoc[quickStartSecurity element].

> When FIPS 140-3 is enabled, both `aes` encryption and `hash` use enhanced algorithms to encrypt and encode strings. Strings that were encrypted or encode with older algorithms fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When FIPS 140-3 is enabled, both the `aes` and `hash` options use enhanced algorithms to encrypt and encode strings. Strings that were encrypted or encoded with these options before the algorithms were enhanced might fail in FIPS 140-3 environments.
```
